Add installation instructions for individual extra requirements (#163)
Happy-Algorithms-League/hal-cgp: README.md

pip install hal-cgp[all]
```

> You can also install individual extra requirements by specifying the package name (without version number) in the squared brackets, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also install individual extra requirements by specifying the package name (without version number) in square brackets, e.g., to install the `torch` dependency:
```
